feat(messages): fill positive, negative, and copy action icons on click (#812)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/Messages/Messages.md

```

> ### Message actions with icon swapping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Message actions that fill
```

Do we foresee consumers "swapping" anything other than filled/unfilled here? If not, then I might opt for this title instead to align more with the end usage

> To provide enhanced visual feedback when users interact with response actions, you can enable icon swapping by setting `useFilledIconsOnClick` to `true`. When enabled, the predefined actions positive and negative will automatically swap from outline icon variants to filled icon variants when clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provide enhanced visual feedback when users interact with response actions, you can enable icon swapping by setting `useFilledIconsOnClick` to `true`. When enabled, the predefined "positive" and "negative" actions will automatically swap to their filled icon counterparts when clicked, replacing the original outlined icon variants. 

This is especially useful for actions that are intended to persist (such as the "positive" and "negative" responses), so that a user's selection is more clear and emphasized.
```

some slight rephrasing, though this is also fine as you have it really

I also added the last sentence for what I pieced together as the likely intention behind this feature, but lmk if I'm off base with that
